hi friends how are we were this
occasion is I bring a little trick to
simulate all android actions in
our ios and it's called andrews this tweet
we can find it completely
free on the network can live to apple if
you do not know what is this repo I recommend you
see a video that I'm going to leave you in the
description with the best response from
birds 8 let's go super fast once
installed this tweet we're going to
configuration and we will find a new
tab called andrews comes out easy
quick simple we have three options
support configuration and credits that
we are interested in this configuration I am going to
try to explain you the most
in detail each of the options
so that we do not have problems action
bar is going to be this bar in black
Look, I show you quickly, I want to open
app store but I regret now I want
me back adjustments will be as
could call a quick access to the
last application that opened the
in the middle is what is going to simulate our
home button we press and send us
the initial configuration sent us to
our home screen and now
I want to open multitasking so good with
the next
easy quick and simple we will not have
no problem this the following is
for our notification center
we're going to have the same center that
android goes out you will not have any
problem works for us in a way
incredible and without any problem in
I really can not say anything else I have been
liked pretty eye was I was
forgetting something now that I am
mentioning all this that click this on
an alpha version what do I mean no
comes to beta is still a very click
green is a tweet that is not yet
100% but that has hitherto
worked very well and that's why I bring you
this video now we find a mini
player widget is this this mini comes out
player that we have here that works with
the apple music with your music that you have
on your cell phone and it works with spotify
For example let's go quickly
spotify
and we are going to put
For this
let's go here he saved me
the pause
I'm going forward, I'll pause again
and I do not want just as good
we close the widget there is no
problem now I want to reopen it
I enter any application for example
here and that's it, I have my widget again
I will repeat, I liked this
small widget a very fast setting
simple and easy to use
the power menu if we want to turn off our
device we leave pressed and we're going
to leave the same menu as in android
come out you can play with him without any
problem now this search is
quite interesting we will find
our search engine just like in android
directly from google for example
I want to put or search YouTube for not
have problems go
and I can do it great I can do it
little one we wait here a moment
well you already loaded you can see and here the menu
I closed it practice friends issue
simply but you can do it more
You can make it bigger
let's give it again to go here and
let's see if now it comes out we do
you should pull the corner
there it is already gone
you can see and to close it here we have
the safari appointment tache the house and for
go back or forward I tell you it 's
thing of practice is something that you go
playing with him to me still does not come out
all this well but again I repeat
question of practice and without any
problem will you be able to now that more
fast quick easy accesses are missing
and simple are these come out completely
functional Wi-Fi I already pay for it
I turned on and we have to go back to
turn on bluetooth
I turned it off and I turned it on without any
problem
location this is the adjustment of
Automatic brightness comes out as you want
If you want to occupy it, do not give me any
volume problem
you will not find any problem
you can see from here you can move it
but he does not let himself move
low now if it goes up and down you can
put as you want and finally
Additional features
here in extras look at the log animation
it works without any problem
you can see it's very good but in the
next to me gave me a little
problems for you are supposed to paint you the
browser the browsers bars
1 I did not like it and 2 I felt that the
device consumed you a lot ram no
I got to feel up slow that's why it was
to remove those options but you can
go playing can you say creating you can go
removing the ones you like the most
more suits you or just those that
become more beautiful, I activate everything
so you could see how it works but you
for example if you do not want this bar
Black you take it off if you do not like it
the notification center you take it off
there is no problem, stay only
with applications or with widgets
that you think are necessary and
convenient good friends now yes I
dismiss a lot of thanks for like with
your comment by your thumb up and
remember share these videos with everyone
your friends that helps us a lot now
yes friends I have nothing more to tell you
and see you in the next